docs: misc docs reorganize and cleanups (#2768)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/frameworks/sklearn.rst

Scikit-Learn
============

> Here's a simple example of using scikit-learn with BentoML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a simple example of using scikit-learn with BentoML:
```
